week eight this week strictly
triumphantly returns a black Paul and
the dancers were determines her lights
at the promenade with their dazzling
performances thousands queued around the
block but with the exhausting move up
north which did the couples would suffer
as a result Nathalie rocked Blackpool by
quick stepping her way to her highest
score today but it was Ali who waltz to
a perfect forty setting Blackpool alight
with a towering performance and the
bracing seaside air clearly boosted
Chris who elegantly Fox trotted his way
to his best score so far Ricki Grove
suffered as the judges thought his salsa
lacks any sizzle after all the votes are
in it was the local boy against the East
End er as Craig fought against Ricky to
stay in the competition
look away now if you don't want to know
who won Ricky but it was local boy Craig
who took the last tram home can it get
even more exciting June in next week to
find out